# Wallet API

## async Wallet.new(password: string, progressCallback: (percentFinished) => any) => Wallet

`Wallet.new` will create a Ethereum wallet using the ethers.js library, and encrypt it using the password provided.
It uses bip39 to generate a mnemonic seed to generate the wallet deterministically. The seed should never be shared with anyone.
The progressCallback function will be called during the wallet encryption process which can take several seconds, and will be passed
the percent finished encryption.

Usage:

    let wallet = Wallet.new("password", (progress) => { console.log(progress); });

## async Wallet.fromEncrypted(encryptedJSON: string, password: string, progressCallback: (percentFinished) => any) => Wallet

Unencrypts a wallet from the encrypted JSON string generated by calling Wallet.new.
The progressCallback function will be called during the wallet unencryption process which can take several seconds, and will be passed
the percent finished encryption.

Usage:

    let wallet = Wallet.fromEncrypted(encryptedJSON, "password", (progress) => { console.log(progress); })


## async Wallet.fromMnemonic(mnemonic: string, password: string, progressCallback: (percentFinished) => any) => Wallet

Generates/recovers a wallet from a mnemonic string, then encrypts it with `password`.
The progressCallback function will be called during the wallet unencryption process which can take several seconds, and will be passed
the percent finished encryption.

Usage:

    let wallet = Wallet.fromMnemonic(mnemonic, "password", (progress) => { console.log(progress); })

## getEncryptedJSON() => string

Returns the encrypted JSON string of the wallet as generated by `Wallet.new`.

## async getEtherBalance() => BigNumber

Returns the ETH balance in WEI for the wallet as a BigNumber. See https://docs.ethers.io/ethers.js/html/api-utils.html#big-numbers

## getMnemonic() => string | null

Returns the 12 word mnemonic string generated as part of `Wallet.net`. This will return null for Wallet objects freated by `Wallet.fromEnrypted`

## async getOrgTokenBalance(organizationAvatarAddress : string) => string

Returns the wallet's balance in org tokens for the organization located at organizationAvatarAddress. This will be formatted as a string and converted from WEI.

## getPublicAddress() => string

Returns the public address of the wallet

## async sendEther(accountAddress: string, numEther: number) => void

Sends ETH from the wallet to the public address accountAddress.